hello today I'm taking you through the
fantastic new Harry Potter wizards
collection Wow
its massive oh my gosh wow that's
incredible
huge
this is a limited and numbered
collection that has 31 disks in total
which include all eight films on blu-ray
DVD and ultraviolet very crucial and
important cards to download your
ultraviolet copy
besides the films the collection
contains the entire 8 part documentary
creating the world of Harry Potter which
includes two parts that have never been
released before part 7
story and part 8 growing up of course
there's loads of other special features
as well with each film not to mention an
exclusive new bonus disc on blu-ray
that's packed with all sorts of
behind-the-scenes footage and interviews
there is a secret compartment at the
back
yeah there we go bonus disc the Wizards
collection also contains a ton of things
besides the discs if you have the cattle
of artifacts this is a great thing for
everyone to see all the detail that went
into all the props you know we got to
see so much of it and this is the label
collection all the things on like
potions yeah these are fun because it
makes just the world more real-life to
see all the detail that went into it
included in the box here our production
sketches by Stuart Craig who is the
production designer signed by Stuart you
know exactly the things that we worked
with you know what when making the films
and there's also some concept production
paintings in there as well they would
use them to sort of visualize the world
and these are specially selected moments
throughout the series you also find a
stunning reproduction of the Slytherin
Hawk Brooks locket inside the set as
well you know I'm a man who is well
aware of current trends and fashions and
a man who has obviously has a rather
large head so for anyone who wants to
explore Hogwarts in its surrounding
areas there's a large colour cloth map
as well as a blueprint of the inside of
the castle okay isn't my favorite two
objects from this whole entire
collection and it's a cloth mat it's
never been seen before and it shows you
Hogwarts castle right there in the
middle and all of the surroundings and
this we have these blueprints that
indicates exactly where everything is
around the castle as the Black Lake
there's the castle everything all the
measurements to the degree that's pretty
amazing things to have last but not
least every set contains a certificate
of authenticity so you know it's genuine
if you're lucky enough to get all the
one yours will have a number
telling you which number of 63,000 you
have and you will know that there's not
gonna be many I'm gonna write one on
here and keep this one if you love Harry
Potter you're gonna absolutely love this
and this is the biggest box set the
Warner Brothers ever done okay there's
any bigger need wheels I think it's
really lovely to for us to be able to
share share this with the fans and to
make them understand that it was a truly
amazing piece of work all the Harry
Potter films there's no reason why you
shouldn't get one but I don't think of
loads of reasons why you should 31
reasons 31 disks do I want one yeah
absolutely
I didn't expect it to be like this is my
first time I've seen it this is
incredible I know my parents gonna want
one definitely I definitely feel like
Harry Potter is something that I want my
kids our grandkids to embrace and and
this will feel like no it's just sort of
a treasure brilliant
any questions
you